/*
1.
The first data studio chart shows the crossover_pt for each of the three cities as a function of date, broken down by the number of bedrooms.

For Austin, the number of days a host would need to rent out their place to earn as much as the median long-term rental has increased steadily as a function
of date for almost all numbers of bedrooms. Notably, the crossover_pt for listings offering four bedrooms has stayed relatively constant over time. 

For Nashville, the number of days a host would need to rent out their place to earn as much as the median long-term rental has decreased slightly over time,
although the decrease is negligible.

For Portland, the number of days a host would need to rent out their place to earn as much as the median long-term rental has stayed constant over time. 

Possible causes for the differences in crossover_pt for each city include, but are not limited to, the local housing market and population growth. Texas is
significant because of the well-document surge in population caused by an increase in STEM jobs, which has resulted in a large number of California residents 
moving to Texas. One might consider the size of each city and the effect that it might have on the crossover_pt, however, it is worth noting that although Austin
is much larger than Nashville and Portland, and it experienced an increase, Nashville is larger than Portland, yet it experienced a decrease, while Portland
remained constant. Thus, we consider the size of the city to be arbitrary when comparing the crossover_pt for each city. 

2.
The second data studio chart shows the median price per day per month for each of the three cities as a function of date, broken down by the number of bedrooms. 
The Airbnb relation is the source of the data.

For Austin, the median price per day per month is the highest ($250-$270) among the three cities overall. 
The median price per day per month for 5 or more bedrooms is always the highest 
up until 2017 at which point the median price is approximately equal across all bedroom numbers.

For Nashville, the median price per day per month is normally around $210-$240 except for June 2015. 
The cause is unknown, but the median price per day per month for three and four bedrooms reached $280 in June. 
The median price per day per month for 5 or more bedrooms is the highest from July 2015 to Oct.2016.

For Portland, the median price per day per month is the lowest among the three cities (around $150) throughout the past two years.

Comparing the size of the three cities, in general, and the median price per day per month, 
the median price per day per month for Austin is the highest and for Portland it is the lowest. 
It seems logical, when referencing the data, that the the median price per day per month 
is proportional to the size of the cities.


3. 
The third data studio chart shows the zillow_price_month for each of the three cities as a function of date, broken down by the number of bedrooms. 

For Austin, the zillow_price_month is, in most cases, less than 1.5K, which is lower than Nashville and Portland. 
It is worth noting that the zillow_price_month for 5 or more bedrooms is usually higher than listings with fewer bedrooms 
while the zillow_price_month for one to four bedroom listings are approximately equal to one another.

For Nashville, the zillow_price_month, except for the fluctuation in June 2015, is around 1.5K. 
Similar to Austin, the zillow_price_month for 5 bedrooms or more are higher than listings with fewer bedrooms. 
The price for listings with one to four bedrooms are approximately equal to one another.

For Portland, overall, the zillow_price_month is the highest among the three cities, but, unlike the other two cities, the zillow_price_month for 5 
or more bedrooms is always the lower than listings with fewer bedrooms. The zillow_price_month has remained relatively  constant throughout the past two years. 

Comparing the size of the three cities, in general, and the zillow_price_month, 
the zillow_price_month for Portland is the highest and for Austin it is the lowest. 
It seems logical, when referencing the data, that the zillow_price_month is inversely proportional to the size of the cities.
*/
